Howdy,

This one is interesting. Apart from the fact that it took me two weeks to get this one done, it's also different in that you actually have to get the interactions correct in order to have the name you need for tomorrow.
And of course I mean tomorrow as more of a placeholder for the project than the day it's coming. If I actually take the time and effort, the next project should also take a while.
But hey lets be honest I probably won't actually do that.
Like seriously I'm not comfortable with doing what I want to be doing in HTML and especially not using the framework what I've done so far with FOF.
It's a serious improvement over my previous HTML stuff, as far as I'm concerned anyway, but it's still not good in any way.
And also HTML just isn't made to do what I want it to do. There's a reason people used Flash.

I'm thinking about the logistics of turning the next major project (not Frans, like the 35 after this one... or maybe two after.) into a downloaded executable. We'll see. That would probably mean Java and while Java was my first language, I really don't like graphics with it. We'll see.


Oh yeah, and I also have to work on the release cut of the video I made for this project.
Bert suggested I do the hour long as a separate director's cut and trim the relevant parts into a significantly refined version for the general public.


Oh yeah and ALSO I have to make everyone a page in that GOP thing I mentioned way back on day two.
Huh.
Although that one might be delayed until I finish the main page so that I can release everyone's page at once and you don't have to have these last two names.

On the subject of names, you have the means to find the name for this project.
There is a right and wrong interaction for every person in this day EXCEPT FOR DAY ONE, which is part of the reason it took so long.
A general rule of thumb: The right answer is the one that does something unique to that person.
Look out for:
- Permanant changes to the screen
- New items
- An irregular animation
In general, they should be pretty obvious once you find them.
THIS COMES WITH THE EXCEPTION OF PERSON 20, WHERE THE ANIMATION IS ESSENTIALLY THE SAME NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO
^ There is a clear correct answer to this person though. [This is 1+1 guy] ^

I honestly do hope for general appreciation of this one, I did try quite a bit to make it not carp.
That being said I like this page even if you don't. So :P

- Mongo
And yes, I'll have an entry under Mongo in the GOP.
Bert will be Bert, Jon will be Jon.
I don't plan on doing any other GA people as it currently stands.